urn:lofts:fhg.1.acusilaus:12 fragment id 17 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.acusilaus:21.a fragment id 28 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.antiochus:6 fragment id 7 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:13 fragment id 16 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:26 fragment id 32 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:41 fragment id 48 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:42 fragment id 49 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:67 fragment id 74 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:67 fragment id 79 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:73 fragment id 86 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:73 fragment id 87 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:96 fragment id 112 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:104 fragment id 120 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:160 fragment id 180 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:171 fragment id 198 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.apollodorus:188 fragment id 219 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.charon:4 fragment id 4 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.clidemus: fragment id 9 appears to have no Latin or Greek text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:24 fragment id 27 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:40 fragment id 49 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:64 fragment id 79 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:69 fragment id 90 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:96.a fragment id 135 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:108 fragment id 156 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:108 fragment id 157 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:134 fragment id 192 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:142 fragment id 203 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:162 fragment id 232 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:163 fragment id 234 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:163 fragment id 235 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:164 fragment id 238 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ephorus:164 fragment id 241 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:28 fragment id 29 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:96 fragment id 98 appears to have no Latin or Greek text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:160 fragment id 162 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:160 fragment id 163 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:163 fragment id 166 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:297 fragment id 308 appears to have no Latin or Greek text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:332 fragment id 343 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:372 fragment id 386 appears to have no Latin or Greek text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:376 fragment id 391 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:377 fragment id 392 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:378 fragment id 393 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hecataeus:379 fragment id 394 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus:2 fragment id 3 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus:15 fragment id 16 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus:64 fragment id 71 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus:83 fragment id 95 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus:96 fragment id 109 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus: fragment id 163 appears to have no Latin or Greek text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus:148 fragment id 165 appears to have no Latin or Greek text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus:169 fragment id 189 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.hellanicus:174 fragment id 194 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ister:18 fragment id 18 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ister:36 fragment id 37 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.ister:37 fragment id 38 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:16 fragment id 20 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:27 fragment id 41 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:28 fragment id 43 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:33.a fragment id 51 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:33.a fragment id 53 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:33.c fragment id 55 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:33.f fragment id 59 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:33.h fragment id 62 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:33.h fragment id 63 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:46 fragment id 86 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:46 fragment id 87 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:46 fragment id 88 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:46 fragment id 89 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:53 fragment id 98 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:53 fragment id 100 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:58 fragment id 107 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:73 fragment id 128 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:73 fragment id 129 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:83 fragment id 140 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:94 fragment id 158 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:119 fragment id 194 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.pherecydes:119 fragment id 195 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philistus:44 fragment id 47 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philistus:47 fragment id 51 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philistus:48 fragment id 52 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philistus:48 fragment id 53 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philistus:57 fragment id 63 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:7 fragment id 7 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:13 fragment id 13 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:15 fragment id 16 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:23 fragment id 24 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:28 fragment id 30 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:29 fragment id 32 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:39 fragment id 42 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:46 fragment id 51 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:53 fragment id 59 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:54.b fragment id 62 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:79.a fragment id 89 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:84 fragment id 95 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:132 fragment id 144 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:166 fragment id 181 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:174 fragment id 190 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:175 fragment id 191 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:201 fragment id 217 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:202 fragment id 218 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.philochorus:203 fragment id 219 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.phylarchus:27 fragment id 33 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.phylarchus:29 fragment id 36 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.phylarchus:31 fragment id 38 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.phylarchus:68 fragment id 83 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.phylarchus:78 fragment id 94 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.phylarchus:83 fragment id 100 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:33 fragment id 34 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:35 fragment id 36 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:48 fragment id 52 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:75 fragment id 79 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:78 fragment id 82 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:84 fragment id 88 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:104 fragment id 109 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:117 fragment id 124 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:118 fragment id 125 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:119 fragment id 126 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:140 fragment id 147 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:143 fragment id 150 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:144 fragment id 151 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:170 fragment id 178 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:230 fragment id 244 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:233 fragment id 247 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:233 fragment id 248 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:233 fragment id 249 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:315 fragment id 332 appears to have no Latin or Greek text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:316 fragment id 333 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:324 fragment id 341 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:344 fragment id 361 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.theopompus:344 fragment id 362 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:1 fragment id 2 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:12 fragment id 13 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:19 fragment id 21 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:22 fragment id 25 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:27 fragment id 30 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:32 fragment id 35 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:33 fragment id 36 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:34 fragment id 37 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:35 fragment id 38 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:69 fragment id 73 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:69 fragment id 74 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:78 fragment id 85 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:79 fragment id 86 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:96 fragment id 107 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:101 fragment id 113 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:102 fragment id 115 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:137 fragment id 152 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:150 fragment id 165 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:152 fragment id 167 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.timaeus:159 fragment id 174 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.xanthus:16 fragment id 17 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.xanthus:19 fragment id 22 has no Latin text
urn:lofts:fhg.1.xanthus:19 fragment id 23 has no Latin text
